Small update to clarify the mirror flow (#8509)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/mirroring/index.md

    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

>     This route rule sends 100% of the traffic from `v1` to `v2`. The last stanza specifies

Reviewer: This change is not correct. As documented, the route rule is sending 100% of the traffic to the `v1` version of httpbin. See the fields `weight: 100` and `subset: v1`. In addition it's also mirroring 100% of the traffic to `v2`. That's not the same as sending the v1 traffic to v2.

    {{< /text >}}

    This route rule sends 100% of the traffic to `v1`. The last stanza specifies

>     that you want to mirror 100% of traffic from `httpbin:v1` to the `httpbin:v2` service. When traffic gets mirrored,

Reviewer: This is better, but still not exactly correct. It's not mirroring traffic "from" `httpbin:v1`. It's mirroring the traffic that is being sent "to" `httpbin:v1`. More precisely, it's mirroring "all the incoming traffic", regardless of where's it's actually being sent. You could, for example, set up a rule to send 50% of traffic to v1, 50% to v2, and mirror 100% to v3. The mirror means what percentage of incoming traffic should go to a mirror destination. How about clarifying like this:
```suggestion
    that you want to mirror (i.e., also send) 100% of the same traffic to the
    `httpbin:v2` service. When traffic gets mirrored,
```
